[DX-2075] Complete overhaul of Dev Portal documentation (#6766)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/portal/api-consumer.md

This role is ideal for team leads, technical managers, or primary contacts at partner organizations who need to manage their developer teams.

### Team Member

Team Members have standard access to discover and use APIs:

- Browse available API catalogs
- Request access to API Products
- Create and manage their own Developer Apps
- View API documentation
- Monitor their own API usage
- Collaborate with other members of their Teams

This role is appropriate for most developers who need to consume your APIs.

## Creating API Consumer Accounts

The Developer Portal offers multiple ways to create API Consumer accounts, giving you flexibility in how you onboard developers to your API ecosystem. Whether you're manually creating accounts for key partners, enabling team leaders to invite their colleagues, or allowing open self-registration, the Portal provides workflows to support your specific needs.

Each creation method assigns appropriate default settings and permissions based on who initiates the process and where it takes place. Understanding these differences helps you choose the right approach for different user onboarding scenarios.

<br>
{{< note success >}}

> **Email Configuration Required**  

Reviewer: I don't think this is strictly required, if not configured portal will log some errors but not block the functionality flow

Author: I tried to capture this - if email isn't configured, then you can still do things manually, but there just won't be any emails sent. Do you feel this is misleading?

Reviewer: My first read interpreted as it was blocking a flow if not configured hehe but I think it's ok, you're saying "Before using invitation workflows or self-registration"

- Send invitations to new API Consumer team members
- Deliver registration confirmation links
- Provide password reset functionality

Please refer to the [email server configuration]({{< ref "product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/setup-email-notifications" >}}) section for setup instructions.
<br>
Without proper email configuration, these features will not function correctly. API Owners can still manually create accounts through the Admin Portal without email configuration, but you'll need to communicate credentials to users through alternative channels.
{{< /note >}}

### Manual Creation by API Owners

API Owners can create API Consumer Admin users from the Admin Portal as follows:

1. Log in to the Admin Portal as an API Owner
2. Navigate to **API Consumers > Users**
3. Select **Add new user**
4. Enter the required information:
    - Email address (used for login)
    - First and last name
    - Organisation and Team assignments
    - (optionally) Select the checkbox to activate the user immediately
    - Initial Password
    - (optionally) Select the checkbox to force the user to reset their password on first log in
5. Select **Save changes**

> 6. If you did not set an initial password in step 4, Tyk will send an email to the new user with registration instructions

Reviewer: I think admin needs to manually execute the "Send Invite" action for this

Author: ```suggestion
6. If you did not set an initial password in step 4, you will need to use the "Send Invite" action to send an email to the new user with registration instructions
```

Reviewer: perfect

- Send invitations to new API Consumer team members
- Deliver registration confirmation links
- Provide password reset functionality

Please refer to the [email server configuration]({{< ref "product-stack/tyk-enterprise-developer-portal/getting-started/setup-email-notifications" >}}) section for setup instructions.
<br>
Without proper email configuration, these features will not function correctly. API Owners can still manually create accounts through the Admin Portal without email configuration, but you'll need to communicate credentials to users through alternative channels.
{{< /note >}}

### Manual Creation by API Owners

API Owners can create API Consumer Admin users from the Admin Portal as follows:

1. Log in to the Admin Portal as an API Owner
2. Navigate to **API Consumers > Users**
3. Select **Add new user**
4. Enter the required information:
    - Email address (used for login)
    - First and last name
    - Organisation and Team assignments
    - (optionally) Select the checkbox to activate the user immediately
    - Initial Password
    - (optionally) Select the checkbox to force the user to reset their password on first log in
5. Select **Save changes**

> 6. If you did not set an initial password in step 4, Tyk will send an email to the new user with registration instructions

Author: ```suggestion
6. If you did not set an initial password in step 4, you will need to use the "Send Invite" action to send an email to the new user with registration instructions
```
